it's 1500 GMT 6: p.m. in Gaza where
today alone more than 150 people were
killed by Israeli air strikes more than
1,400 Palestinians have now been killed
including First Responders and
journalists and that number is rising
fast entire neighborhoods have been
destroyed at least 338,000 Palestinians
have fled their homes and have been
forced to take shelter elsewhere and at
least 30 00 Israelis have been killed
since aasa's attack on Southern Israel
on Saturday hundreds of civilians are
among the dead well these are the areas
that have come under Israeli attack in
the past few hours that includes refugee
camps Israeli air strikes have also hit
the hammad B jasm Hospital dozens of
patients and displaced Palestinians were
inside now one air strike has left a
vast crater in the center of the de
albala neighborhood a major hospital is
nearby and a number of homes in the area
have been hit Israel says it has dropped
6,000 bombs on Gaza so far similar
scenes of chaos and despair in arafa in
the south of Gaza Israeli strikes have
destroyed homes killing at least 11
people including women and children with
the number of injuries Rising hospitals
are facing severe medical shortages and
there's no sign of Aid anytime soon
Israel can continues to amass huge
numbers of troops and weapons near the
border and vows to continue to block all
Fuel and water to Gaza until Hamas frees
Israeli
captives begins our coverage from inside
Gaza the flow of casualties to gaza's
hospital seemingly never
ends these children are caught up in the
middle of Israel's war on
Gaza they're unlikely to understand why
this is happening and they're clearly
terrified hospitals are running on
emergency generators when the fuel runs
out the lights will go
out the incubators will stop working
kidney dialysis machines will shut down
and x-rays can't be
taken faces are thick with dust from
homes that have collapsed often on top
of them without
warning Israel says it is destroying
locations used by Hamas but Gaza is so
densely populated that it is almost
impossible to separate private homes
from where Fighters may or may not be
hiding and anyway these people have no
choice where Hamas decides to
operate we were sleeping peacefully and
then suddenly my house and my neighbor's
house were hit by bombardments I went
outside and I found my children all
injured then I looked around and I saw
dead bodies and body parts and other
people
injured this appears to be Israel's most
powerful bombing campaign against
Palestinians in the 75y year history of
the conflict whole neighborhoods have
been
flattened for the people trapped here
there's nowhere to go there's nowhere to
escape Israel shut its border crossings
on Saturday and bombed the one to Egypt
y Al jazer
Gaza well let's get the latest on the
situation inside Gaza Jamila Abu Zuna
joins us on the phone from inside the
besieged strip and Jamila the Israeli
Army has just said it's dropped 6,000
bombs on Gaza which hit 3,600 targets
can you just give us an idea of what it
is like being under that kind of
constant
attack well Gaza is witnessing an arm up
rides of bombings from all directions by
air sea and land from the north to the
South resulting in displacing thousands
of people after forced to be leaving
their houses to be demolished into the
ground hospitals launched appeals to the
international humanitarian organizations
to provide medical assistance to the
Palestinian people who are in urgent
need of help meanwhile um the Hamas
military Wing have announced launching
more Rockets into Israel we will know
more about it after the recorded speech
of the spokesman of Hamas abua which
will be on air
shortly we also understand the rougher
Crossing has been targeted is that now
completely impossible at this point in
time currently yes it's impossible for
any help to be delivered into Gaza
because uh we haven't received any
confirmation from the Egyptian uh
uh side so nothing until
now and you mentioned hospitals and the
medical supplies a short time ago I mean
they seem very much in the firing line
here what is the situation uh when it
comes to people who are in need of
medical attention are they able to get
it at this point in
time people need medical uh medical
assistance any urgently uh because uh
now we have we have been seeing footage
of of uh people U deceased people uh
their bodies are being placed outside a
shifa hospital because there is no place
to to put them in a shifa uh to two two
days ago uh they put a tent inside the
hospital to to put uh the bod inside
because the morg was full inside the
hospital now they're putting them
outside the hospital this is
catastrophic and the casualties and
Ender people need immediate uh and
Urgent uh help and it's obviously not
just the medical uh supplies and the
condition of people there that is a huge
concern now the humanitarian situation
is becoming more and more desperate
isn't it how are people coping without
uh food water fuel there's power
shortages and that's only going to get
worse isn't
it yes definitely because people have
lost all hopes uh for situation to get
any better uh they are living with the
least and um expecting things to get
worse uh the worst scenario is about to
happen uh probably uh the Israel
military um will get into Gaza by land
that's why they have been uh demolish
the whole area in the
north all this area so they can uh get
inside um uh inside of of I land this is
the worst scenario so far yeah as you
say it does uh seem like things are
going to get worse thank you so much for
that that is Chila abuna for us inside
Gaza